tiup: add examples for tiup version placehoder (#12522)
pingcap/docs: dm/maintain-dm-using-tiup.md

Then you can use the `--native-ssh` command-line flag to enable the system-native command-line tool:

> - Deploy a cluster: `tiup dm deploy <cluster-name> <version> <topo> --native-ssh`. `<cluster-name>` is the cluster name, `<version>` is the DM version to be deployed (such as `v6.5.0`), and `<topo>` is the topology file.
> - Start a cluster: `tiup dm start <cluster-name> --native-ssh`. `<cluster-name>` is the cluster name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy a cluster: `tiup dm deploy <cluster-name> <version> <topo> --native-ssh`. File in the name of your cluster for `<cluster-name>`,  the DM version to be deployed (such as `v6.5.0`) for `<version>` , and the topology file name for `<topo>`.
- Start a cluster: `tiup dm start <cluster-name> --native-ssh`.
```

Reviewer: `<cluster-name> is the cluster name` feels like nothing is explained.

Reviewer: Or we can simply delete `<cluster-name> is the cluster name`
